M0078DDG-400 Update CI bundle to use MMM CLI and remove MicroEJ git flow scripts (#252)
MicroEJ/docs: Tutorials/tutorialSetupBuildUsingJenkinsAndArtifactory.rst

Prerequisites
-------------

*  `MicroEJ SDK <https://developer.microej.com/get-started/>`_ ``5.4.0`` or higher.
*  Git ``2.x`` installed, with Git executable in path. We recommend installing Git Bash if your operating system is Windows (`<https://git-for-windows.github.io/>`_).
*  Java Development Kit (JDK) ``1.8.x``.

> This tutorial was tested with Jenkins ``2.235.3`` and Artifactory ``6.20.1``.

Author: @frivieremicroej I tested with newer versions (Jenkins 2.277.4 and Artifactory 6.23.13), so I suggest to update them in the tuto. WDYT ?

Reviewer: OK

Author: Done.

.. note::

>     For SDK versions before 5.4.0, please refer to :ref:`this tutorial <tutorial_setup_automated_build_using_jenkins_and_artifactory_up_to_sdk_5_3>`.

Reviewer: Use the "PDF pattern" instead as done here: https://github.com/MicroEJ/docs/blame/master/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/ui.rst#L19

=> 
please refer to this `MicroEJ Documentation Archive <https://docs.microej.com/_/downloads/en/20210521/pdf/>`_. 

(the link is available)

Author: Done

#. Create a new Jenkins job for the Hello World module
#. Build the module

In order to simplify the steps, this tutorial will be performed locally on a single machine.

Artifactory will host MicroEJ modules in 2 repositories:

- ``microej-module-repository``: repository initialized with pre-built MicroEJ modules, a mirror of the :ref:`Central Repository <central_repository>`

> - ``libs-snapshot-local``: repository where custom modules will be published

Reviewer: rename libs to modules => ``modules-snapshot-local``

Author: `libs-snapshot-local` is one of the default repositories of Artifactory, so we have to add a step to create a new repository.

Reviewer: OK now I remember => so let it as is

Install the Build Tools
-----------------------

This section assumes the prerequisites have been properly installed.

#. Locate your JDK installation directory (typically something like ``C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_[version]`` on Windows).
#. Set the environment variable ``JAVA_HOME`` to point to this directory.
#. Set the environment variable ``JRE_HOME`` to point to the ``jre`` directory (for example ``C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_[version]\jre``).
#. Create a directory named ``buildKit``.
#. Export the MicroEJ build kit from your MicroEJ SDK version to the ``buildKit`` directory, by following the steps described :ref:`here <mmm_build_kit>`.

> #. Download :download:`this Ivy settings file <resources/ivysettings-artifactory.xml>` and save it at the root of the ``buildKit`` directory. This file pre-configures Ivy to fetch and publish modules from the Artifactory server used in this tutorial.

Reviewer: This does not work for PDF 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19801840/119134103-02f03480-ba3d-11eb-9dd8-de394f8ad5d1.png)

=> I suggest to inline the settings file (assuming it has been strongly simplified)

Author: Done. Content inlined.

> #. Download :download:`this Ivy settings file <resources/ivysettings-artifactory.xml>` and save it at the root of the ``buildKit`` directory. This file pre-configures Ivy to fetch and publish modules from the Artifactory server used in this tutorial.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Download :download:`this settings file <resources/ivysettings-artifactory.xml>` and save it at the root of the ``buildKit`` directory. This file configures MicroEJ Module Manager to import and publish modules from the Artifactory repositories described in this tutorial. Please refer to <settings file> section for more details.

```

Author: Done

#. Set the environment variable ``JRE_HOME`` to point to the ``jre`` directory (for example ``C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_[version]\jre``).
#. Create a directory named ``buildKit``.
#. Export the MicroEJ build kit from your MicroEJ SDK version to the ``buildKit`` directory, by following the steps described :ref:`here <mmm_build_kit>`.
#. Copy the following content in a file named ``ivysettings-artifactory.xml`` at the root of the ``buildKit`` directory:

.. literalinclude:: resources/ivysettings-artifactory.xml
    :language: xml

This file configures MicroEJ Module Manager to import and publish modules from the Artifactory repositories described in this tutorial. Please refer to :ref:`mmm_settings_file` section for more details.

.. note::
   At this point, the content of the directory ``buildKit`` should look like the following:
   ::
    
    buildKit
    ├── bin
    │   ├── mmm
    │   └── mmm.bat
    ├── conf
    │   └── easyant-conf.xml
    ├── lib
    │   ├── ant.jar
    │   └── ...
    ├── microej-build-repository
    │   ├── ant-contrib
    │   ├── be
    │   └── ...
    ├── microej-module-repository
    │   └── ivysettings.xml
    ├── release.properties

>     └── ivysettings-artifactory.xml

Author: I guess it has been done like that initially to make it easier to update the build kit (everything can be replaced).

>     └── ivysettings-artifactory.xml

Reviewer: OK Edit the file and replace with following settings for artifactory...

#. Go to :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Repositories` > :guilabel:`Local`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`New`, and select :guilabel:`Maven`.
#. Set :guilabel:`Repository Key` field to ``microej-module-repository``, then uncheck :guilabel:`Handle Snapshots`. Click on :guilabel:`Save and finish`.
#. Make this repository accessible by default:
    #. Go to :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Security` > :guilabel:`Permissions`. 
    #. Click on :guilabel:`Anything` entry (do not check the line)
    #. On the :guilabel:`Resources` tab, drag repository ``microej-module-repository`` from the :guilabel:`Available repositories` area to the :guilabel:`Included Repositories` area.
    #. Click on :guilabel:`Save & Finish`.

> .. image:: images/tuto_microej_cli_artifactory_permissions.PNG

Reviewer 2: This image still mentions microej-build-repository, which got me confused for a second

Author: Image updated.

#. To unlock Jenkins, copy/paste the generated password that has been written in the terminal log. Click on :guilabel:`Continue`.
#. Select option :guilabel:`Install suggested plugins` and wait for plugins
   installation.
#. Fill in the :guilabel:`Create First Admin User` form. Click :guilabel:`Save and continue`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Save and finish`, then on :guilabel:`Start using Jenkins`.

Configure Jenkins
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First step is to configure the JDK and MMM paths:

#. Go to :guilabel:`Manage Jenkins` > :guilabel:`Global Tool Configuration`.
#. Add JDK installation:
    #. Scroll to :guilabel:`JDK` section.
    #. Click on :guilabel:`Add JDK`.
    #. Set :guilabel:`Name` to ``JDK [jdk_version]`` (for example ``JDK 1.8``).
    #. Uncheck :guilabel:`Install automatically`.
    #. Set :guilabel:`JAVA_HOME` to the absolute path of your JDK installation (for example ``C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_[version]`` on Windows).
#. Click on :guilabel:`Save`.
#. Go to :guilabel:`Manage Jenkins` > :guilabel:`Configure System`.
    #. Scroll to :guilabel:`Global properties` section.
    #. Check :guilabel:`Environment variables`.
    #. Click on :guilabel:`Add`.

>     #. Set :guilabel:`Name` to ``MICROEJ_BUILD_TOOLS_HOME``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. Set :guilabel:`Name` to ``MICROEJ_BUILD_KIT_HOME``.
```

Author: Done
